+++
date = "2018-11-23T22:56:06+00:00"
layout = "post"
title = "MichMATYC 2017"

+++
##### MichMATYC 2017

Check out the [conference website](https://sites.google.com/view/2017-michmatyc-conference/home) for details about MichMATYC 2017.

Mark your calendars now for yet another exciting MichMATYC Conference. Our theme, Pursuit of Excellence in Teaching and Learning, is sure to challenge you to think and reflect over our vocation as mathematicians and mathematics educators, and how best to respond to the educational needs of each student in our classrooms. Baker College is delighted to host the conference at its Muskegon campus, which will begin on Friday October 20 until Saturday October 21, 2017. We look forward to seeing you there. Share the news with colleagues, bring them along to the conference so collectively and collaboratively we may continue to forge forward to help students attain their educational and career goals. 

##### Workshop 

A team from the [Academy of Inquiry Based Learning](http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inquirybasedlearning.org%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGazBT0RyGlnUjWvtRQgcL9vQfLeA)--Christine Von Renesse (Westfield State University), Brian Katz (Augustana College), and Kyle Peterson(DePaul University)-- will be leading a 4 hr workshop on Inquiry Based Learning on Friday, October 20, 2017. 

##### Keynote Speakers 

We are delighted to have Ian VanderBurgh, ‎Director of Centre for Education in Mathematics and Computing at University of Waterloo, and  Jim Ham, President-Elect of the American Mathematical Association of Two-Year Colleges, be our invited speakers. They will be speaking with us on Saturday, October 21, 2017. 